thank you for being here dear soul
from my heart i welcome you to this
morning meditation with i am gratitude
affirmations
thank you for allowing me to be your
guide today
every day is a new opportunity to create
the life you love to live
it is not always easy
but it is always possible
possibilities
and opportunities
are waiting for you
they want you to notice them
what you want
wants you
are you ready now to make a courageous
commitment to create an extraordinary
day no matter what
i am
allow the words that i share to shower
over you
like you're standing in the most
beautiful
tranquil waterfall of pure
blue green water
you do not need to remember the words
that i share
trust
that your subconscious mind will absorb
them
and imprint them in every fiber of your
being
now
take a nice deep breath in
[Music]
and hold that life force inside your
body for a few moments
and you can smile with your eyes and
your mouth
decide
that this day
is your day
exhale slowly now
and breathe life
into your life
i deserve to feel good
that is why i do what it takes to make
that happen
i am gratefully accepting that my
well-being and happiness is my
responsibility
gratitude is the ultimate vibration for
attracting more to be grateful for
i am embracing this day with gratitude
with a thankful smile in my heart
i am passionately present in my life
today
i am truly thankful for my free will to
choose
i am opening up my mind and heart in
gratitude for the good things that are
on their way to me now
thank you life
i am aligning with my soul
and i allow my light to shine bright
from my heart today
i am awakening
awakening to the greatness within me
thank you universe for all the resources
potential and wisdom that flows through
me
i am connected
connected to my essence
connected to source
connected to the infinite wisdom and
love that circulates through
all
my awareness is constantly expanding
and i am grateful for this journey in my
awesome human body
i am so happy and grateful for the
freedom i have to be myself
i courageously choose to be authentic
and honest
i am truly grateful for this journey of
self-discovery
[Music]
i am a beautiful expression of life
i am here to be me
i am here to shine my unique light
i am lovingly speaking my truth
i am me
and i am grateful for that
i am valuable
thank you
i am important
thank you i am deserving
thank you
i am
love
[Music]
my appreciation for life sends ripples
of goodness all around me
i am grateful for the small things for
the big things
i am thankful for a blue sky
the sun shining
the sound of raindrops
the breeze on my skin
the sound of ocean waves
or simply a smile
or a touch
or a warm hug
from a good friend
my mind and heart are expanding together
in harmony becoming very aware of so
many things to appreciate
that i have never thought of before
i am forever thankful for my senses i
love you
deeply
i'm sending infinite gratitude to all
the cells in my body
to all my organs
thank you for the amazing job you are
doing
i truly love you
i thank you
i gratefully and graciously accept all
the things that i manifest in my life
i am grateful for the lessons life
teaches me
i love to learn
and grow
[Music]
with my mind and heart i can choose to
change what needs to be changed i am
grateful for this opportunity
i am always finding new things to
appreciate in my life
[Music]
i am choosing to be happy and grateful
for this moment right now
old beliefs and emotions that i have
carried from the past that does not
serve me no more
with peace in my heart
i allow them to let go
i set you free
i thank you
i choose to move into
an abundance mindset
an empowering mindset a positive mindset
lifting myself
lifting others
supporting myself
supporting others
thank you for peace
thank you
for harmony
for love
thank you for passion
thank you for expansion
[Music]
i choose to appreciate myself just as i
am
today
i choose to love myself fully and
completely
i am sending love to my inner child
thank you for being you little one
i appreciate you
just as you are
and i send you this energy of love
acceptance
and deep appreciation
from my heart to yours
connecting us
you are a beautiful expression of life
i am proud of you
shine your magical light
i am here for you
i am with you from now on
always
[Music]
i can choose to accept and appreciate
all of me
i don't need to
but i can if i want to
thank you for courage
thank you for confidence
thank you for inner strength
thank you for freedom
thank you for kindness
for happiness
from within
my appreciation and love for life is
constantly expanding
where my focus goes energy flows
i am empowering myself and others with
my attitudes of gratitude
all that i want
wants me
good things come to me because i am
grateful high vibration is my reality
the universe loves gratitude
thank you
universe
i am so thankful for the freedom to
nourish myself with thoughts of abundant
and radiant health
i am now
gratefully allowing every cell in my
body to replenish repair and work in
harmony
thank you
i am joyously grateful for my talent in
recognizing solutions and opportunities
my life is full of so many things to be
grateful for
i am graciously welcoming an
increasingly higher dose of life force
to fill up my entire being
thank you
universe
i choose to recognize and send gratitude
and love to all aspects of my essence
my physical body
i thank you
i love you
emotional body
i thank you
i love you
my mental body
i thank you
i love you
my spiritual body
i thank you
and i love you
[Music]
i am passionately grateful for the high
vibrational energy that is building up
inside
me i am a part of something much bigger
than myself
i choose to show up in my life and honor
the opportunity that i have been given
life
is an opportunity
i
am
pure life force in a human body
i
am life
i am flexible to changes happening in my
life
the more accepting i am of change
the easier it feels
change is a natural aspect of life
it is a sign of life
and i choose life
i am here on this planet to experience
and awaken
[Music]
whatever i am going through
it is a part of my growing process
i choose to embrace learning
i fill my heart with gratitude
and i am opening up to receiving and
creating
what i truly want in my life
i am abundance
i am peace
i am courage
i am love
i am
gratitude
you are attracting all these ideas and
thoughts into your reality now
for the highest goods of every soul
involved
it is all ready done
in a few moments the music will fade out
and i want to ask you to breathe a bit
deeper now
and allow these seeds of truth to sink
deep
into your subconscious mind
and i'm humbly asking you to put both
your hands on your heart now
and i am doing the same now
from my heart to your heart
from my soul
to your soul
i thank you
for your trust
i believe in you
[Music]
i see the light in you
you